####Exercises
>  Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:
    -  Making coffee;
    //I use a Moka Pot with hand grinder
      1. Disassemble Moka Pot into the three main pieces.
      2. Fill water tank piece with clean water up to the marked line
      3. Place the filled water tank onto a stove and start heating
      4. Pour coffee beans into the Coffee Hand Grinder until full
      5. Rotate the Grinder knob clockwise until all coffee beans are ground
      6. Pour freshly ground coffee into the filter basket piece of the Moka Pot
      7. Level coffee grounds in the basket
      8. When water begins to boil, take water tank off stove and reassemble the Moka Pot
      9. Place Moka Pot back on stove and continue heating at low heat
      10. When coffee no longer comes out, take the pot off the stove
      11. Rinse the outside of the water tank with cool water quickly to stop cooking
      12. Pour finished coffee into a cup/mug

    -  Washing dishes;
      1. Wet the dish sponge
      2. Apply dish soap to the sponge and agitate until bubbles form
      3. Take a dirty item from the sink and scrub until clean
      4. Repeat step 3 until all items are clean
      5. Turn on the sink faucet
      6. Take an item and rinse
      7. Check and make sure the item is clean, if it isn't, repeat steps 3 and 6
      8. Place the clean and rinsed item onto a dish rack
      9. Repeat steps 6-8 until all items are stored

    -  A choice of your own.
    //Cooking Rice
      1. Load X cups of uncooked white rice into the rice cooker pot
      2. Rinse the uncooked rice in tap water
      3. Strain the rinsed water out
      4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 two more times.
      5. Fill the pot with 1.5*X cups of water
      6. Put rice pot into the rice cooker
      7. Drizzle sesame oil in the water
      8. Set rice cooker to "White Rice"
      9. Press "Start"
      10. When Rice Cooker signals rice is complete, open the rice cooker
      11. Stir rice and scoop to serve

>  As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three companies who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product). Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; what about each of your cases make them stand out?
A:
  1. Toyota's Lean Manufacturing methodology allowed them to outcompete American brands on pricing, customization, and speed to delivery
  2. Disney's Marvel Cinematic Universe movies follow a certain formula with a mix of action, humor, drama, sci-fi, suspense, and other elements that have not only made each movie a financial success, but critical success as well
  3. Coca-Cola's recipe is famously unique, however, it still adapts to local cultures' favored flavors (some countries a little sweeter, others more bitter)

>  Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.
A: An efficient algorithm spends less time or resources to get to the solution of a problem versus an inefficient algorithm. Furthermore,
  algorithms can get complex very quickly depending on the variables or amount of data. Efficient algorithms tend to stay within the same
  magnitude of resources spent whereas inefficient algorithms can exponentially increase in magnitude of cost.
